Dizzy is Sydney's best friend from high school.
She has really large breasts, and is much nicer than Peter's sister as well! Luckily for Peter, Dizzy has a few kinks that will make turning her into your willing plaything much easier...

After meeting Dizzy either at the high school or at your home for the first time, you can meet her in one of three places naturally:

The High School field:
+3   (+1 repeatable)

Sydney's bedroom:
+1 / +3 / +1 (first time only, choose "Try Flirting")

The Bar in the North District
+ 2 / +5  (+3 repeatable)

1. Meet Dizzy at the high school in the afternoon. Minimal +Corruption (repeatable)

2. Meet Dizzy at your home on Wednesday afternoons. Minimal +Corruption (repeatable)

3. Speak to Dizzy at the bar in the evenings. Minimal +Corruption (repeatable) Speak to her again in the same night to trigger the Walk Home quest.

4. Meet Dizzy outside of the bar at Night to walk her home to her apartment - you'll find out where she lives and be able to access the apartments from then on, as well as trigger her Babysitting option.

5. Choose Dizzy's option from the menu in the apartment, go invisible, and enter her apartment (middle door). Interact with her feet or head, watch the scene, and get her picture. Interact with her a second time to use your Corruption power on her (if available), watch the mini-scene.

6. Tell Mom to "go out" and choose Dizzy as your babysitter.
	**MAKE SURE TO TEXT DIZZY**
Once the evening has arrived, Mom will leave and Dizzy will be there. Speak to her to trigger the Handjob scene.

7. Continue to have Dizzy babysit you. Once you hit 50 Corruption with her, you will automatically go to the Babysitting Fuck scene. Afterwards, if she is babysitting, you will have the choice of which one you want to see.

8. Once you have had sex with Dizzy once, go see her on the Weekend at her apartment before Night. She will let you into her apartment, where you will have sex again.

9. Continue getting Dizzy to babysit you, having sex with her and using your Corruption powers on her at Night until she is at level 8 (80+) Corruption.

10. Once at level 8 Corruption, her dialogue options will change, and is generally happier and more accepting of Peter's demanding nature. She will now follow you out into the hallway of her apartment to fuck Peter there, as well as during her visits to Sydney on Wednesday afternoons.

11. If Sydney is at level 6 or higher (60+) Corruption, interacting with either her or Dizzy will result in a threesome at Peter's house. Can *only* be done on Wednesday afternoons!


12.  ---NO TOTAL-CORRUPTION SCENES YET---